README.md, before:

# Explore Next.js with API
- [Learn Basic next js with api]
- [Learn Metadata SEO, Optimization, Caching]
- [Learn Authentication with NextAuth]


## Project: next-hero-with-api
- Data fetching with SSR
- Dynamic data fetching
- Client side data fetching (CSR) technique in nextJs
- error handling to data fetch
- set image configure to next.config to implement fetched images.(Gallery page)
- styling and css modules(layout page)
- Metadata SEO :  title-static seo, dynamic(layout page)
- Image Optimization | Font Optimization(in gallery page)
- Caching and Revalidating(in time,about pages)
- loader with api data ( in posts page)
- Redirection(in next.config, postApi)
- Environment Variables(.env.local file will not uploaded in github)
- Deployed in vercel with connecting github.

- Handling API routes(GET,POST,PATCH,DELETE) in comments page.
- NextAuth | Setup Credentials Email Provider.
- Get NextAuth Session data in client & server components.(navbar,about page)

#### Live: https://next-hero-with-api.vercel.app/

### Follow the next js documentation
- [https://nextjs.org/docs] - using app router
- [https://next-auth.js.org/] - NextAuth.js

Commit message:

Integrate Authentication and register with email password (in api route)

README.md, after:

# Explore Next.js with API
- [Learn Basic next js with api]
- [Learn Metadata SEO, Optimization, Caching]
- [Learn Authentication with NextAuth]


## Project: next-hero-with-api
- Data fetching with SSR
- Dynamic data fetching
- Client side data fetching (CSR) technique in nextJs
- error handling to data fetch
- set image configure to next.config to implement fetched images.(Gallery page)
- styling and css modules(layout page)
- Metadata SEO :  title-static seo, dynamic(layout page)
- Image Optimization | Font Optimization(in gallery page)
- Caching and Revalidating(in time,about pages)
- loader with api data ( in posts page)
- Redirection(in next.config, postApi)
- Environment Variables(.env.local file will not uploaded in github)
- Deployed in vercel with connecting github.

- Handling API routes(GET,POST,PATCH,DELETE) in comments page.
- NextAuth | Setup Credentials Email Provider.
- Get NextAuth Session data in client & server components.(navbar,about page)
- Integrate Authentication and register with email password (in api route)



#### Live: https://next-hero-with-api.vercel.app/

### Follow the next js documentation
- [https://nextjs.org/docs] - using app router
- [https://next-auth.js.org/] - NextAuth.js
